src/pages/Flow-2/week2/01-10-2020.md, before:

---
title: "CORS and SPA"
date: "01-10-2020"
pageintro: ""
---

### Before this lesson you should:

- [:book: Same-origin Policy (10 min.)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy) (green students)
- [:book: Same-origin-policy (15 min)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) (red students)
- [:book: CORS (10 min)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) (green students)
- [:book: CORS (15 min)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) (red students)
- [:book: Setup CORS response headers on your rest endpoints (reference)](https://github.com/Dat3SemStartCode/scripts_unrelated/blob/master/cors.md)
- [:tv: Single Page Applications video (16 min)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_BYg2QGsC0) (Whenever he uses the term MPA (multipage application, think WEB as you did it on 2. semester)
- [:book: Tutorial step-by-step setup javascript app with webpack and babel](http://ccoenraets.github.io/es6-tutorial/setup-babel/)

### Exercises

<!--BEGIN exercises ##-->

[CORS and Single Page Application (SPA)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fqWz2euCYbUoVDf6kzj8pnW5ktalJAzuqWCfFGdwrmI/edit?usp=sharing)

<!--END exercises ##-->

### Slides

<!--BEGIN slides ##-->

[CORS and SPA](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bcNeHbANgpslSuwXG4pz9DbLY9jb8vWxnt2hf2131vU/edit?usp=sharing)

<!--END slides ##-->

Commit message:

change links to exercises for D-class

src/pages/Flow-2/week2/01-10-2020.md, after:

---
title: "CORS and SPA"
date: "01-10-2020"
pageintro: ""
---

### Before this lesson you should:

Before you start: Observe that you are not expected to read everything below. For links with a "color code" pick the one that matches your ambitions

<!--BEGIN readings ##-->

- [:book: Same-origin Policy (10 min.)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy) (green students)
- [:book: Same-origin-policy (15 min)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) (yellow/red students)
- [:book: CORS (10 min)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) (green students)
- [:book: CORS (15 min)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) (yellow/red students)
- [:book: Setup CORS response headers on your rest endpoints (reference)](https://github.com/Dat3SemStartCode/scripts_unrelated/blob/master/cors.md)
- [:tv: Single Page Applications video (16 min)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_BYg2QGsC0) (Whenever he uses the term MPA (multipage application, think WEB as you did it on 2. semester)
<!--END readings ##-->

### Exercises

<!--BEGIN exercises ##-->

[CORS and Single Page Application (SPA)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fqWz2euCYbUoVDf6kzj8pnW5ktalJAzuqWCfFGdwrmI/edit?usp=sharing)

<!--END exercises ##-->

### Slides

<!--BEGIN slides ##-->

[CORS and SPA](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bcNeHbANgpslSuwXG4pz9DbLY9jb8vWxnt2hf2131vU/edit?usp=sharing)

<!--END slides ##-->
