src/pages/Flow-2/week3/06-10-2020.md, before:

---
title: "Code documentation"
date: "06-10-2020"
lectureType: "SYS"
pageintro: ""
---


# What is SYS on third semester?
The Datamatiker education aims at making students into systems developers who can take responsibility for all aspects of creating of software solution from A-Z. Part of that requires skills in project management, collecting requirements, make systems design, and documentation. At first these disciplines can seem a bit dull, but if you look deeper into the matter, you will probably find that it's much more interesting than meets the eye.

This semester will end with a separate SYS exam where you will demonstrate methodologies, thoughts, and practices within systems development based on a semester project.

SYS contains topics ranging from the technical to the philisophical domain. Today we start out in both departments by discussing how to document code and then we will get started by documenting an api. 


# Before this lesson you should:
- Read [:book: How to document source code responsibly](https://medium.com/@andrewgoldis/how-to-document-source-code-responsibly-2b2f303aa525). Read this article. It contains important thoughts on when and how to document your code.
- Watch [:tv: Seven Ineffective Coding Habits of Many Programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsHMHukIlJY)

# Template for documenting an api
- [Simple paper API documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SUe4aZ-hGW3mYO9c6DmBq_X0dbjGhl4Lr5VTLEb2yco/edit?usp=sharing)

# Naming REST endpoints
- Skim  [:book:REST Resource Naming Guide](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/)

# Exercise / tutorial
Coming soon ....

Commit message:

Added content to code documentation day in flow 2 week 3

src/pages/Flow-2/week3/06-10-2020.md, after:

---
title: "Code documentation"
date: "06-10-2020"
lectureType: "SYS"
pageintro: ""
---


# What is SYS on third semester?
The Datamatiker education aims at making students into systems developers who can take responsibility for all aspects of creating of software solution from A-Z. Part of that requires skills in project management, collecting requirements, make systems design, and documentation. At first these disciplines can seem a bit dull, but if you look deeper into the matter, you will probably find that it's much more interesting than meets the eye.

This semester will end with a separate SYS exam where you will demonstrate methodologies, thoughts, and practices within systems development based on a semester project.

SYS contains topics ranging from the technical to the philisophical domain. Today we start out in both departments by discussing how to document code and then we will get started by documenting an api. 


## Before this lesson you should:
- Read [:book: How to document source code responsibly](https://medium.com/@andrewgoldis/how-to-document-source-code-responsibly-2b2f303aa525). Read this article. It contains important thoughts on when and how to document your code.
- Watch [:tv: Seven Ineffective Coding Habits of Many Programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsHMHukIlJY)
- Skim  [:book: REST Resource Naming Guide](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/)

## Template for documenting an api
- [Simple paper API documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SUe4aZ-hGW3mYO9c6DmBq_X0dbjGhl4Lr5VTLEb2yco/edit?usp=sharing)

## Exercises
1. Use the template [Simple paper API documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SUe4aZ-hGW3mYO9c6DmBq_X0dbjGhl4Lr5VTLEb2yco/edit?usp=sharing) to document your own [Person/Address API](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YSpNeP3jqURRiPoYUTR6nkfQUXQOxRznuNkPFaPVmgE/edit?usp=sharing) from week 1 in this flow. All end points should be documented with examples of json for get/post/put/delete etc. See guidelines in the template and fill out the table.
2. Refactor your source code from your [Person/Address API](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YSpNeP3jqURRiPoYUTR6nkfQUXQOxRznuNkPFaPVmgE/edit?usp=sharing)  acording to some of the principles mentioned in the [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TfvxJvD9sV6GE-_59KkVTnFu9c2OJsEMKEmWtTRSQGM/edit?usp=sharing) and in the video [Seven Ineffective Coding Habits of Many Programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsHMHukIlJY). If time permits, watch the video [Agile Software Development: Cleaning Code Practices](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/agile-software-development-clean-coding-practices/write-code-for-humans-not-machines?u=57077785) on Linked In to get more inspiration.


## Slides
- [Semester overview](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11NCFmghVAiWEEOB57t7rIINKIa-xNCKZsdI4WxDwcIA/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Code documentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TfvxJvD9sV6GE-_59KkVTnFu9c2OJsEMKEmWtTRSQGM/edit?usp=sharing)
